---
layout: post
author : Mechanical Object
category: Article
title: DoIt (Discovery of interesting things) - 8
tagline: 
tags: [Parallel programming, CQRS, Architecture, Microsoft, Cloud, Design patterns]
published : true
--- 

Links to interesting things I discover...

<!--more-->

### 1. [Parallel Programming with Microsoft .NET](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ff963553.aspx){:target="_blank"}

> The CPU meter shows the problem. One core is running at 100 percent, but all the other cores are idle. Your application is CPU-bound, but you are using only a fraction of the computing power of your multicore system. What next?

### 2. [CQRS Journey](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/jj554200.aspx){:target="_blank"}

> The project is focused on building highly scalable, highly available and maintainable applications with the Command & Query Responsibility Segregation and the Event Sourcing patterns.

### 3. [Microsoft Application Architecture Guide, 2nd Edition](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ff650706.aspx){:target="_blank"}

> The guide is intended to help developers and solution architects design and build effective, high quality applications using the Microsoft platform and the .NET Framework more quickly and with less risk;

### 4. [Cloud Design Patterns](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/patterns/){:target="_blank"}

> These design patterns are useful for building reliable, scalable, secure applications in the cloud.
Each pattern describes the problem that the pattern addresses, considerations for applying the pattern, and an example based on Microsoft Azure. Most of the patterns include code samples or snippets that show how to implement the pattern on Azure. However, most of the patterns are relevant to any distributed system, whether hosted on Azure or on other cloud platforms. 

